Initial updates. (#343)
dwavesystems/dwave-ocean-sdk: docs/ocean/sapi_access_basic.rst

*   **Solver** (default: feature-based selection)

    A |dwave_short| resource to be used to solve your submitted problems; for

>     example, a :term:`hybrid` or QPU :term:`solver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    example, a :term:`hybrid` :term:`solver` or quantum computer.
```

This is a page for beginners and we don't explain QPU on it. It's true that they tooltip explains but it seems simpler to just spell out quantum computer here
